Update Charybdis features page (#27)
Bastardkb/bastardkb.github.io: fw/charybdis-features.md

1. TOC
{:toc}

# Introduction

All the features listed below are available in the Charybdis `vendor` keymaps.

> The `vendor` keymap aims at providing a consistent experience out of the box. Because some features can be mutually exclusives (e.g. [Auto sniping on layer](#auto-sniping-on-layer) and [Auto pointer layer](#auto-pointer-layer)), not all features are enabled by default. It may be necessary to rebuild the firmware to enable or disable some of the features listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `vendor` keymap aims at providing a consistent experience out of the box. Because some features can be mutually exclusive (e.g. [Auto sniping on layer](#auto-sniping-on-layer) and [Auto pointer layer](#auto-pointer-layer)), not all features are enabled by default. It may be necessary to rebuild the firmware to enable or disable some of the features listed below.
```

> The firmware _cycles_ through these values, which means that, for example, incrementing the sniping DPI of `500` by 1 step will loop back to `200`.

Reviewer: Table with the DPI defines (default and steps) could go here, similar to sniping below

Reviewer: Also could add hardware limits - 100 to 12000 in steps of 100 for pmw3360, mystery for cirque

Author: added the default dpi defines. I vote no on the hardware limits, to keep things simple

charybdis_cycle_pointer_default_dpi_noeeprom(bool forward) // cycle forward or backward the possible values without persisting the change to EEPROM
charybdis_get_pointer_default_dpi() // returns the current DPI value
```

### Sniping

**Sniping mode** slows down the pointer for more precise gestures. It is useful when combined with a higher default DPI. Like the default pointer's DPI, the sniper mode DPI can be changed at runtime

Custom Keycodes:

| Name   | Description                                                                  |
| ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `S_D_MOD` | increase the sensitivity of the pointer movement in sniping mode by one step |
| `S_D_RMOD` | decrease the sensitivity of the pointer movement in sniping mode by one step |
| `SNIPING`  | enable sniping mode as long as the key is pressed                            |
| `SNP_TOG` | toggle sniping mode on and off                                               |

Custom defines (with default values):

```c
#define CHARYBDIS_MINIMUM_SNIPING_DPI 200
#define CHARYBDIS_SNIPING_DPI_CONFIG_STEP 100

> ```

Reviewer: Theming: Light gray on white hard to read

Reviewer: Also hard to read in dark mode

Author: ok, switched back to language-agnostic code rather than c

Custom functions:

```c
charybdis_set_pointer_sniping_enabled(bool enable) // enable/disable sniping mode
charybdis_get_pointer_sniping_enabled() // returns whether sniping mode is currently enabled
charybdis_cycle_pointer_sniping_dpi(bool forward) // cycle forward or backward the possible values
charybdis_cycle_pointer_sniping_dpi_noeeprom(bool forward) // cycle forward or backward the possible values without persisting the change to EEPROM
charybdis_get_pointer_sniping_dpi() // returns the current sniping mode DPI value
```

### Auto sniping on layer

You can trigger sniping automatically when on a specific layer by adjusting the following in your keymap:

```c
#define CHARYBDIS_AUTO_SNIPING_ON_LAYER LAYER_POINTER
```

> ### Auto pointer layer

Reviewer: Should we also mention core auto mouse?

Author: I also vote on keeping things simple here, in the "bkb ecosystem"

You can trigger the pointer layer automatically upon moving the trackball by adjusting the following in your keymap:

```c
#define CHARYBDIS_AUTO_POINTER_LAYER_TRIGGER_ENABLE
#define CHARYBDIS_AUTO_POINTER_LAYER_TRIGGER_TIMEOUT_MS 1000
```

### Drag-scroll

**Drag-scroll** enables scrolling with the trackball. When drag-scroll is enabled, the trackball's `x` and `y` movements are converted into `h` (horizontal) and `v` (vertical) movement, effectively sending scroll instructions to the host system.

Custom keycodes:

| Name   | Description                                           |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `DRGSCRL`  | enable drag-scroll mode as long as the key is pressed |
| `DRG_TOG` | toggle drag-scroll mode on and off                    |

Custom functions:

```c
charybdis_set_pointer_dragscroll_enabled(bool enable) // enable/disable drag-scroll
charybdis_get_pointer_dragscroll_enabled() // returns whether drag-scroll mode is currently enabled
```

Custom defines:

```c
#define CHARYBDIS_DRAGSCROLL_REVERSE_X` // inverts horizontal scrolling 

> #define CHARYBDIS_DRAGSCROLL_REVERSE_Y` // inverts vertical scrolling 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#define CHARYBDIS_DRAGSCROLL_REVERSE_X // inverts horizontal scrolling 
#define CHARYBDIS_DRAGSCROLL_REVERSE_Y // inverts vertical scrolling 
```
trailing `

```

### Large mouse reports

> By default, the `x` and `y` motion for the pointing device/mouse reports is `-127` to `127`. If you hit the limit for that with the sensors, you can enable support for `-32767` to `32767` by adding this to your `config.h`:

Reviewer: Is this necessary even at max dpi?

Author: no idea about this, I'm not technical enough. We could just remove it?

Reviewer: You could either remove it or try setting a charybdis to max dpi (12000) and see if the cursor skips/warps. If it doesn't, its not necessary.

Author: too niche, removed

```c
#define MOUSE_EXTENDED_REPORT
```

## Configuration Syncing

> If you want/need to enable syncing of the charybdis config, such as to read the sniping or drag scroll modes on the other half (such as for displaying the status via rgb matrix, or added on screens, or what not), you can enabled this. To do so, add this to your `config.h`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want/need to enable syncing of the charybdis config, such as to read the sniping or drag scroll modes on the other half (e.g. for displaying the status via rgb matrix, or added on screens), you can enabled this. To do so, add this to your `config.h`:
```
too colloquial
